bamboo
Shelter surrounded by bamboo shoots located between JH Block F and SH Block E.

bball
Basketball court located adjacent to the canteen.

bell
Shelter with a bell located at SH Block D.

canteen
Canteen has handphone charging stations in addition to the 16 food stalls.

canteenswing
Swing located near the entrance of the canteen.

gslswing
Swing located outside the General Science Labs in JH Block F.

hostellocker
Lockers located outside the hostel.

paradesq
Parade square where flag-raising ceremony is held every morning.

platform
Elevated platform next to the basketball court.

podium
Podium situated in the parade square.

scoutswing
Swing located near the Scouts Room in SH Block D.

track
Seats located by the track.

zxy
Zheng Xin Yuan, the landmark of Dunman High, with a statue of Confucius.

zxyshelter
Shelter located behind the Zheng Xin Yuan.

q15 pac
The Performing Arts Centre (PAC) hosts various concerts, notably during the biennial Kaleidoscope event that showcases the Arts scene in our school.
Performing Arts Centre (PAC)
Auditorium
Media Resource Library (MRL)
Music Atrium

q16 blockg
Open space at Junior High (JH) Block G which can be used to host events.
Junior High (JH) Block G
Junior High (JH) Block F
Cafe
Media Resource Library (MRL)

q17 lt
The Lecture Theatres (LT) provide a conducive space for lectures and talks. 
Lecture Theatres 3/4 (LT3/4)
Lecture Theatres 1/2 (LT1/2)
Performing Arts Centre (PAC)
Student Services Centre (SSC)

q18 mrl
The Media Resource Library (MRL) offers a wide range of books and resources to enrich students’ learning, and also includes an Art Gallery which showcases artworks done by our students.
Media Resource Library (MRL)
Podium
Multi-purpose Hall (MPH)
General Office (GO)

q19 cafe
The Cafe provides freshly baked goods and desserts daily.
Cafe
Canteen Snacks Store
Canteen Dessert Store
Hostel Canteen

q20 heritage
The Heritage Room provides visitors with an immersive experience to learn about the history and culture of our school.
Heritage Room
Bicultural Studies Programme (BSP) Room
Chinese Language Elective Programme (CLEP) Room
Alumni Room

q21 ssc
The Student Services Centre (SSC) is a one-stop location that caters to the needs of students, including services such as loaning of blazers, collection and submission of important documents, lost and found corner etc.
Student Services Centre (SSC)
General Office (GO)
Multi-purpose Hall (MPH)
Performing Arts Centre (PAC)
